we look at this real salt lake team
they're playing in a 4231 formation
actually putting Kyle Beckerman next to
Wellington hecka as he's known in the
middle and on the flip side for the LA
Galaxy at team that has had to switch
players around a little bit they're
gonna have to take advantage of that
formation and try to get an early lead
that's what makes it so difficult here
come the galaxy again mcgann so might
have a chance here who wants the
handball he's going to get it a penalty
against hummus in a lobby and the galaxy
get a chance from the spot
it was a lobby on the game in early May
where he got golf for the handball not
the handball but the foul in the area
gets Omar Gonzalez that led to that late
penalty kick up Kobe the ball just kind
of rolls on the top of his hand this
will give us a better look at it
and right there that's enough that's a
handball because that stops that ball
going forward into the path of a Ganza
who'd have a clear barrel Toledo gets
the go-ahead here's Junie no fire see
stars and the galaxies take a one
nothing lead here in the 7th minute
juninho you're his first goal on the
season the having missed against nick
romano actually being safe by nick
rimando in Riau in salt lake there's a
step up in the second time with the mind
games should i go the same way but this
time he likes to go to differ route
Leonardo it's an away quickly llegando
keeps this one alive for the galaxy's
guy Gordon it's going to have a goal go
on stand and it's why to the far post
here's madondo for the galaxy ahead to
Robbie Keane Keane trying to return to
the rookie he has a chance at all here
on the left side braised it back goes
looking for garden and it's batted away
by Nick Rimando Bray job I Raimondo
players to push up jossy sard is now
playing towards the left side robbie
keane will run this one down working on
Beltran
who tries to send the truth Heather by
Josie's artists over the barn out of
play back out to sea rays into the area
will find Robbie Keane
kien working on Beltran cuts it back on
his right back to his let those there
pose it saved and out of play corner
kick galaxy
I think he's healed beer bottle take
some tours the online tries to find
Robbie Keane and on the reflection the
post comes a big for Salt Lake here's
pagando now was thinking about the shock
nice job pushing it wide here's our des
Zarda is trying to find Edson his header
is over the bar now to play plain robbie
keane forward Oh lava is their defensive
now we have some
fisticuffs for a moment keen took
exception to aid elbow from hummus in a
lobby
Bobby's gone to the locker room a little
earlier than expected he's got Red Guard
look at this you know a lobby is gonna
come in strong
Joe Ponte with the throw it'll be a
throwing for the galaxy our referee
points the midfield in the LA galaxy
have won their second straight contest